When I was a kid, I think I was more interested in like the humanities
side of life. So I tried to do a little bit of piano when I was a kid.
Me and my brother would go to piano lessons and I you know was a
part of a black gospel choir. So I would always look at the guys that
are sitting there you know dabbling on the piano really fast, and
I thought you know what I can make songs like that. I had, I listened
to rock and pop you know, Prince, Michael Jackson. So I thought,
you know I'm listening to these songs and it gives me this feeling in
my heart, so maybe I'm a musician. As it turned out, my brother didn't
want to go to piano lessons anymore, so my grandmother didn't want
to just take me by myself you know. So she cancelled our lessons
and that was the end of that musical career. My mother was an artist,
so I would always be like sketching on pads and stuff I would be
drawing like animated characters X-Men and Spiderman and I was getting
up there in my ability, but it also failed out. So yeah when I was
young I actually wanted to do like you know like the non engineering,
non STEM things, but life has a way of like throwing you in a different
direction.